(Episode 38)
What are you doing? Let me go,
Won't you take me seriously?
Where are you going? I'm not done yet,
Do you really not know?
As you said,
I'm going to meet my boss who is interested in me,
I want you to answer,,,
my questions honestly,
How long have you been meeting him?
What? I can't believe this,
What do you mean how long?
Do you really not know?
I knew it from the start, That's why I was suspicious,
There are so many young and energetic people out there,
Why would he hire someone without any certificates or experience?
You've only done housework, and all you have is your pretty face,
Why do you think he hired you?
Two of you were close already,,,
before we graduated our marriage,
Cha Jung Ok helped two of you and deceived me, right?
What? My goodness,
Look, Mr, Lee Shin Mo,
I'm not going to look at anything, I'm still your husband,
You're really dirty, cheap, and disgusting,
If you wanted to leave me for him because you don't love me anymore,
you could have said so,
How dare you accuse me when I sacrificed my life for the family?
You even accused me of having a mean personality,
This is clearly a fraud,
It doesn't matter what happened, Everything is over from today,
Pack your things and come back to the house,,,
before I report you to the police,
You also know, don't you?
You're being embarrassingly unreasonable,
I don't want to deal with you because it's ridiculous,
But let me say one thing,
I am disgusted of men,,,
because of you,
So don't be unreasonable,,,
and let people know that you have delusional jealousy,
Just be quiet and stay still,
Do you mean that you're not in a relationship with him?
I can't believe you,
Okay,
Let's say that you're telling the truth,
Also, let's say,,,
that you received that car because you're crazy for free stuff,
But nothing will change,,,
the fact that the car is a dirty bait to lure you,
If you don't have any feelings for him, return that car,
What if I don't want to return it?
What?
Do you mean that you will live like that exchanging cars,,,
and feelings with him?
Think as you like,
I've never thought about it,
but I guess I should consider the possibility,
Even if that is true,
whatever I exchange with him is,,,
nothing of your concern,
You don't have the right to say that,
Did we divorce? We only graduated our marriage,
You're still my wife in legal documents,
I'm still your husband,
What kind of husband lets his wife have a relationship?
Did you forget?
You insisted on having an open relationship in the contract,
What?
What did you say?
What will you do about relationships?
It doesn't matter because we are not interested in it,
What are you talking about?
I'm not sure about you, but I'm still eligible,
I want you to write this in clearly,
We won't interfere with each other's relationships with another,
Let's end this talk about the car and my boss,
I'm sure that you know,,,
that you have no right to talk about this,
Give it to me,
What are you doing? Give it back,
Hello, Young Hye?
We don't need it, Take your car back,
What are you doing?
Tell him that you don't need the car,
Are you crazy?
The best thing I've done in life,,,
is to graduate marriage with you,
I'm disgusted by you,
Gosh,
Hey, Young Hye,
Young Hye,
Gosh,
It's strange,
Did something happen to Young Hye?
I'll close the store, You can leave first,
Should I do that?
I had to go somewhere,
Please do me a favor,
Yes,
As you said,
I'm going to meet my boss who is interested in me,
I can't believe her,
Did you wait for me?
Honey, what took you so long?
Don't even mention it,
I don't know how he found out, but he was suspicious of our past,
I barely managed to escape him,
I told you so,
Just divorce him instead of graduating marriage with him,
I don't want to think about it,
Stop talking about him,
I was so scared,
Don't worry,
I'll protect you,,,
so he won't make a fuss anymore,
- I'll trust you, - Okay,
That's not it,
I've been watching too many dramas,
That's not right,
(Lee Shin Mo)
The number you have dialed is not available at this moment,
Hey, Young Hye, Where are you right now?
You're not seriously on your way to meet that jerk, right?
If you meet him, I'm going to,,,
throw myself out the window,
Wait, this isn't right,
Gosh, No, no, This sounds too pathetic,
This is why marrying a beautiful woman,,,
only brings trouble,
I can't stop worrying about her even when she gets old,
Goodness, how frustrating,
- My gosh, - Young Hye,
Hello, what brings you here?
I could ask you the same thing,
You used your vacation day for your son's wedding,
But I should still close up the shop,
I needed to prepare some stuff for the group reservation tomorrow,
This just proves why I can trust you,
Oh, right, The phone call dropped rather strangely earlier,
You're not in trouble, right?
No, I'm not, Please be on your way,
Young Hye, Can you spare me an hour tomorrow?
You and I need to go somewhere, It's a private matter,
A private matter?
I'll take that as a yes then,
I can't let you stay next to me,
If you stay next to me, I'll lose two people,
What should I do then?
I need to be next to him to be able to take or get something,
But there's no way to stay next to him,
I told you before,,,
about how your mother died,
Keep that in mind,
We'll aim for Kevin's weakness,
You're going to do as I asked, right?
You're going to reconcile with the chairman, okay?
He's never going to give up on Ae Ri,
As long as Ae Ri works there, I don't want to work at the company,
I've been doing fine until now,
I don't want to ride on someone's coattails either,
Even if that someone is my father,
Dear me, That didn't sound cool at all,
Are you more disappointed than me?
Because I forfeited my chance to become the heir?
How did you know? My gosh, I struck gold,
but I lost all of it because of you,
He has lived his whole life without a family,
You're the only son he has in this world,
You should be in his life,
so he can rely on you,
Please?
Make no mistake,
Timing is the most important, Don't be late,
I don't know how to start,
I always believed that I could always improve,
but there hasn't been a time when I'd been blinded like this,
I am very embarrassed to even face you, Ru Ri,
I'm all right,
I will forget everything that has happened to us,
For the past few weeks,
I have scarred you and your father, which can't be remedied,
I will set up a meeting with your father,,,
and apologize to him with respect,
but I hope you will be the first one to forgive me,
I am really all right, sir,
My father used to tell me this,
"People have eyes in front,"
"so they can look forward to the future instead of looking back,"
My father easily loses his temper,
but he won't hold it against you,
Above all,
it's better late than never,
I'm glad that you and Manager Jung can mend your relationship,
I'm very happy for that,
It's all thanks to you, Ru Ri,
I'd never have trusted you without the recording from yesterday,
Tae Yang,
I'm sorry,
I have made a big mistake,
I think Ru Ri suffered more than I did,
Please make sure that this never happens ever again,
And for you and the company, you need to tighten your circle,
I'm well aware of that,
I cannot cut my ties with Ae Ri,
I will have her removed from the company, Don't worry,
Open it,
What is this?
It's the watch your mother gave me when we got married,
I kept it even after your mother left,
Now, I want you to keep it,
Giving a watch as a gift means,,,
a promise to spend the rest of remaining time with the recipient,
Your mother couldn't keep her promise,
but I hope you will be able to keep the promise,
Will we be able to do that?
Give me that,
Isn't this reassuring?
Hello? What is it?
What? Are you sure?
Okay,
What happened?
Ae Ri disappeared from the hospital,
Could she have been discharged?
I was quite harsh on her before coming here,
I think she's causing trouble again,
I'm sorry, but I must get going now,
- I'll come with you, - There's no need,
There's no need to spoil the mood, You're having a nice time today,
I will take care of Ae Ri,
Have a nice evening,
Please tell your father I'll call him next week,
- Goodbye, - Bye,
(Dad)
The phone is turned off, You will be connected to the voicemail box,
Should I head to the hospital, sir?
Let's go straight to Ae Ri's studio,
I have a bad feeling about this, so you must hurry,
Yes, sir,
The chairman must have really loved your mother,
That's probably why he kept this watch for over 30 years,
Even yesterday, I was thinking about,,,
whether or not I should break up with you,
I didn't think things would work out so fast like this,
I was great, wasn't I?
Our parents are going to meet and make up soon,
We can go to work starting tomorrow and get back on the projects,
Are you even listening to me?
Can you go home by yourself?
I don't think I can stay here,
Is this because of Joo Ae Ri?
I have a bad feeling,
I'll go with you,
Jung Tae Yang,
How dare you tear me apart from Dad?
Let's see if things would go your way,
The chairman will be arriving in 10 minutes,
(Deleting the message)
Director Park,
What's happening? Is Ae Ri at home?
I rang the bell several times, but she doesn't seem to be inside,
So I was calling places she might head to,
Her phone is turned off,
If she's not here, where can she be?
I don't know,
It won't be easy for her to move in that state,
Have you any guesses?
I'm just worried that she might have had a bad idea,
What do you think?
This was placed on the hospital bed,
I'm sorry, Dad,
I miss Mom,
I'm going to Mom's side,
What's this about?
After you scolded her,
I scolded her too,
I told her that she didn't deserve to be new to you after causing,,,
the pain to Manager Jung and Lee Ru Ri,
I told her to go back to America,
Maybe that's why,,,
Gosh, she's determined to upset me until the end,
Don't mind her,
She'll come back after a few days,
Sir,
She said she misses her mom,
You know,,,
how she died,
Call the janitor,,,
and ask them to open the door with the master key,
Ae Ri, Ae Ri!
Ae Ri, Ae Ri,
Ae Ri! Ae Ri!
Wake up, Ae Ri!
What's happening? Ae Ri! Wake up, Ae Ri!
Ae Ri! Ae Ri!
I think she drank this with the wine,
Call the ambulance, Call 911!
Ae Ri! Ae Ri! Wake up!
Ae Ri! Ae Ri!
Stay in the car, I'll go by myself,
No, I have a bad feeling about this,
I want to go with you,
Who are you?
We're Ae Ri's family,
Did something happen here?
Don't even talk about it,
She was just carried off to the hospital, Didn't you see?
Why was she carried off to the hospital?
She drank some drugs,
If her father hadn't come in time,
she'd have been in big trouble
What kind of drugs?
I,,, Wait,
I heard she drank this with wine,
You can pay Han Gyul,,,
for what you did to him instead,
Give the love you couldn't give him to Han Gyul,
and you can pay her instead,
As long as you and I raise Han Gyul together,
it's all fine,
As much as we love Han Gyul,
someone else probably loved my brother,
All right,
I can repent on the sin,,,
I committed 40 years ago by paying back to Han Gyul,
Yes?
Ma'am, Yeon Ju asked you to come out and have dessert,
Are you telling me to die?
A dessert at night for people over 60 years old,,,
only makes them fat,
Just tell the young people to have them all,
But you should come out and at least pretend to eat,
If you come back to your room right after dinner,
the doctor that came here for the first time would feel uncomfortable,
He's even brought a child with him,
Are you going to taunt me just because you're more educated?
Before you get hurt,
close your mouth and shut it,
(You should come out quickly,)
Gosh,
She's using sign language now, Gosh,
What?
Gosh, what's she doing?
I can't believe this,
Yeon Ju, where will I be staying from now on?
Why? Do you want to sleep?
Just wait a little, Grandma will tell you,
She doesn't need to, She's taking a rest because she's tired,
You should go with me,
No, no, no, That's for me to do,
Han Gyul, do you want to know where your room is?
Take my hand,
You're going to see it soon!
Let's follow them,
Surprise!
This is your room,
- Oh, my, - Take a look,
It's a room for a princess,
Mom and I spent two days on this,,,
to finish this before she arrived,
You overdid yourself,
Gosh, my back hurts,
Han Gyul, do you like,,,
your amazing room?
Yes, I can only say, "oh my goodness",
Oh, my, Listen to her,
Did your aunt teach you that?
Yes,
Grandma, is this really my room? For real?
Of course,
Would I sleep here in this hectic room?
Or would your tall father sleep here?
It's going to be your room until you get married,
I'll get it changed again,,,
when you go to high school,
Oh, my,
Oh, my, What should I do?
Gosh, if I give you something better than this,
you might strangle me to death,
Wait, Grandma,
I have a present for you,
Oh, my,
- She's funny, - A present?
She's going to give me a present,
What is this?
It's a crown,
She made it to give it to you,
Hat Granny, the grandma from America said,,,
that if you wear a hat like this,
you'll not die early and live for a long time,
You're the oldest,
Don't die, wear this, and live for a long time,
Oh, my, I'm so touched,
Okay,
I was going to live until 100,
But I guess I will have to live until 200,,,
because of this hat,
Oh, my goodness,
Oh, my, I guess it's effective,,,
that your aunt has been saying it in native English,
Say it one more time, How do you say it?
Oh, my goodness,
I was worried how they would get along,
I'm thankful that it wasn't bad,
- Why? - I'm just happy,
Why are you so happy?
Because of everything,
What kind of answer is that?
Are you a maniac?
I'm serious,
At this moment, I'm just happy because of everything,
It all happened because of you,
What did I do?
You realize how precious things are when you lose it,
Everything that I took granted in the past is,,,
precious to me now, and I'm thankful,
We ate at the same table after several months,
I made tea for you,
and we're standing next to each other brushing our teeth,
I'm so happy of these little things,
I could cry,
It means you're getting old if you appreciate the little things,
I guess you're getting old,
The "Cheongdam Barbie" has become an old married woman,
Of course, my daughter is already seven years old,
Honey, what's wrong?
What is wrong suddenly? Does it hurt?
My heart,,,
sunk,
I was touched,
I was so surprised,
Thank you, Let's live happily,
I'm going to be a really good wife and mom,
Just like my mom did for me,
I'm going to make Han Gyul the happiest daughter in the world,
Don't try too hard,
You're already a good mom,
This is just the start,
To be honest, I'm really excited and looking forward to it,
I'll really be a mom when I send Han Gyul to kindergarten tomorrow,
Look, just thinking about it makes my heart race,
I prepared some side dishes, Just cook some rice and eat it together,
Are you that worried about me?
Of course, I'm worried,
Women can take good care of themselves,
But men become a mess,
That hag,
She's pretending to be helpful after all she did to me,
What is her true feeling?
If she's that worried about me,
she should have given the car back right away,
Why is she still driving that dirty car that has evil intention?
I knew that this would happen,
She's going to apologize,
Dong Ki,
Did you call me early in the morning to go hiking?
That's not why I called, Do you remember Choi Theresa?
Theresa?
Who is that?
She was the singer of the women's university band,,,
when we were in the university band,
She was really pretty,
She really wants to see you,
Why would she want to see me?
She said that you were her first love,
I gave her your number,
That's okay,
People say that you should never meet your first love again,
I'm not interested, I'm going to hang up,
First love? That's ridiculous, What is he talking about?
Wait a minute,
How will I get Young Hye back?
Okay,
Where are we going?
I already told you,
I asked you to spare an hour for a very private purpose,
What is that,,,
very private purpose?
We're here,
Turn right over there,
(Daehan General Hospital)
Mr, Lee, look at this color,
Isn't it so beautiful?
Try this on,
You should answer me when I talk to you,
Why are you so deep in thought?
Mr, Lee!
You wanted to tell me something, Why did you bring me here?
I wanted to change your look,,,
because you always dress so dull,
That's why I brought you here, What's wrong with you?
Something happened, didn't it?
Mr, Lee, didn't you want to see me to talk comfortably,,,
because you are tired and frustrated,,,
and you want to talk to someone,,,
but you can't because it hurts your pride?
Just tell me then,
What is bothering you? What happened?
That's a misunderstanding,
It turned out that this was fabricated,
I don't care whether it's fabricated or not,
Please be objective and tell me how her boss is like,
If he wanted to be in a relationship with you,
would you accept it?
Gosh,
Does he want to meet me?
Why would that bother you? You're so silly,
If he wants to meet me,
it would be the honor of my family,
I'd thank him very much, I don't know what to do,
You're making me shy,
Does it make you that happy?
Of course,
He's young, graduated from S University,
rich, and he's a doctor,
He's a dream for middle-aged women,
Last time I saw him,
the way he talked and his voice were very nice like a gentleman,
I guess it's because,,,
he's an intellectual who stayed overseas for a long time,
I don't know what to do,
He's not the dream of anyone,
He's a complete player,,,
seeing the way he lowers his voice when he talks,
Can't you judge a man properly after all these years?
You are being deceived by a womanizer,
Mr, Lee, why are you so upset?
How can I not be upset?
That man is trying to seduce,,,
my wife by giving her a car,
Oh, my,
I can't believe this,
Is this why you're making such a fuss?
I thought you wife bought him a car,
Receiving a car isn't a problem,
Nothing is free in this world,
That man was expecting something,,,
when he gave her that car,
Don't you understand?
Like this,
He wants something like this,
I can't believe this,
Did you get mad at her again because of that?
Of course,
She received that not knowing anything,
How can I leave her alone?
Gosh,
This is why she separated from you,
There is only one way to defeat,,,
a competitive opponent,
That is to become a more wonderful man than him,,,
to charm Mrs, Hong,
That's the only way,
Thank you,
Do you want to go for a cup of tea?
Yes,
First of all, keep yourself neat,
Take off that rice,
Don't just say you love her,
With sweet words,
give her a present,
Hong Young Hye,
Do you want to,,,
go get some streusel bread,,,
like we used to?
Gosh,
I can't believe I'm doing this at this age,
My goodness,
What's wrong?
Are you all right?
I'm a doctor, but I get scared easily,
Actually my whole family has a weak stomach,
My father and brother died of stomach cancer,
I had a biopsy because I've had pain in my stomach since last year,
I see,
I was getting the result today,
It'd be lonely to be diagnosed with cancer alone,
so I asked you to come,
Good job,
What about the result?
It's a positive gastric ulcer, They want to treat it for two months,
I'm glad to hear that,
Why did you leave it until that point?
It happened because I've been busy,
Do you remember what I asked last time?
Why you didn't get remarried,
It was an acute leukemia,
She left all of a sudden,,,
that I couldn't believe it for a while,
I see,
Do you know how surprised I was to see you at first?
Why?
Your voice sounded just like my wife,
I used to,,,
listen to her voice saved on my phone when I missed her,
Anyway, that's why you looked familiar from the start,
Can this be a fate?
What? She's not here?
Yes, She went out with the boss,
Where did they go?
Pardon?
Never mind, Forget about it,
Go back to your work,
Okay,
Hey, Dong Ki,
Let me meet Choi Dae Se or whatever the name is,
Okay, Set up a date,
Hong Young Hye, You're not the one on a roll,
I'll be on a roll too from now on,
Come here,
Thank you,
Kiss,
The hospital just called,
How's Ae Ri?
She fell asleep after getting a tranquilizer,
Is she okay now?
Luckily, you found her early that they washed out her stomach,
So she's safe, but,,,
But what?
She's mentally unstable,
She should not be stressed,
Her mother died the same way,
I'm worried in many ways,
The legal team called,
Assigning Jung Tae Yang as an executive,,,
will be done by the end of this week,
Stock transfer's going smoothly,
So what do you think I should do?
If Ae Ri stays with me,
Jung Tae Yang will never return to the company,
It's a difficult decision,
but you shouldn't be swayed by affection,
For the company or for you,
I think you should kick her out,
What if she really goes wrong?
That's sad, but we can't help it,
You should choose your own child over a stepdaughter,
I need to go see her, Get the car ready,
- So Won, We're here, - Yes,
Long time no see,
Congratulations on your remarriage,
Thank you, You should come hang out at my house,
Invite me any time,
Did you say you have a question?
I'm curious what this medicine is,
This is a veterinary anesthetic,
A veterinary anesthetic?
What happens if a person drinks it?
Is it life threatening?
No, not with this amount,
Three bottles would be lethal,
Did someone drink this?
Yes, But if someone knew this before drinking it,
that person didn't intend to die, right?
If they knew,
maybe,
You were right,
Joo Ae Ri put on a show to capture Chairman Kevin's heart,
You should choose your own child over a stepdaughter,
That's sad, but we can't help it,
I want to be a useful daughter,
So,,,
forgive me one more time,
Let me stay beside you,
Everything about Joo Ae Ri's a lie except for breathing,
Still, you shouldn't make a hasty decision,
I can't delay it anymore,
The longer she stays next to Father,
the more harm she does to others,
But,,,
do you think she did all this alone?
I mean from the new menu poster incident,,,
to now,
don't you think it's too much for her to plan it alone?
If she was born with it,
she could do it alone,
I wasn't myself,
I thought I could have you back,,,
if Chairman Kevin disappeared,
Disappeared?
Did you try to pull off the respirator or something?
Have you gone insane?
He's gone mad,
It smells good,
What brings you to kitchen all of a sudden?
Gosh,
How dare you put your hand on me?
Have you forgotten that we agreed to act friendly only in front of kids?
Mom, Are you having a fight with Dad?
Not even the couple spa worked?
No, It's nothing,
He said his arm hurts, I was massaging him,
- Is it good? - It's good,
Your touch is always the best,
Kiss me,
Stop it,
It's not the first time, You're embarrassing me,
- Come on, Kiss me, - What are you doing?
- Kiss me, - Stop it, Let me go,
Wait, I'm sorry,
Hello?
Honey, Honey,
Are they really good now?
I'm not sure,
Are you awake?
Help me sit up,
Stay still, The doctor advised you to take a rest,
Why did you come here?
Nothing,,,
comes easy for me,
I was going to get lost,,,
just like you wanted so that I could do you some good,
Why did you save me?
Or did the director find me?
Did you have to save me even if you didn't want to?
Ae Ri, what are you talking about?
He's been so worried about you,
Really?
I'm sorry,
but I don't need you to worry about me,
You should worry about Jung Tae Yang instead,
Your fake daughter, who is a worthless burden to you,
will leave you forever,
You scum,
I'm sorry,
It's my fault that I made you lonely,
It's also my fault that I made you like this,
It's all my fault,
I'm sorry,
I don't need anything,
Only if I can be next to you,
I really don't need anything else,
Stop with your show,
I searched about the drug you took,
With that much dosage, it'll just be a sleeping pill,
It won't kill you,
If you thought you could be forgiven,,,
for your sins like this, you're mistaken,
What are you doing to a sick girl?
You should leave,
Father, you shouldn't believe her tears,
If you believe her again and keep her by your side,
she'll keep doing evil things,
You should stop this for her,
I told you to leave,
- Leave, - Father,
You should leave now,
Tae Yang, let's go,
No,
I want to talk to him,
Tae Yang, are you so upset that I didn't end up dead?
Is that why you searched about the drug I took?
It's so scary,
I didn't know how much I'd need to die, I just wanted to die,
How can you accuse me like this?
Would you have done this to me if we were blood related?
I barely came back alive,
How can you say this to me?
How can you say this is a show?
Who would make a show by risking the only life one has?
Stop it,
I don't want to get involved with you,
Let's go outside, Let's talk outside,
No, you should tell us right here,
You should choose between us,
Tae Yang,
I won't leave you no matter what,
Even if you make me leave,
I'll stay with you,
Tae Yang, let's talk about this later,
I'll explain everything to you so that you can understand,
All right,
Then I'll leave your side,
Tae Yang, Tae Yang,
You're upset, aren't you?
It took you so long to meet your father,
Do you think it was my fault?
No,
With Joo Ae Ri by our side, we'll all die of cancer,
You did well,
You made the right choice,
But it's a little sad now that we are both jobless,
There's a big restaurant opening in Daegu, I'll apply there,
Daegu? It's great there,
Should we start our new life there?
We're a team of two, right?
Who taught you to be so calm all the time?
I'm blinded by love and can't see anything else,
But there's one thing I can't quite get over with,
What is it?
I don't know what Joo Ae Ri is after,
What do you mean?
If she wants something bigger than to marring you,
the chairman could be in danger,
No, She was on good terms with the chairman,,,
before you appeared,
So nothing will happen, right?
Okay, Okay, All right, Bye,
Hey,
you should prepare food for Han Gyul,
She'll come home after studying hard at the kindergarten,
But, ma'am,
I'm a little worried about your granddaughter,
What about her?
She takes after the doctor,
but she has dark skin,
She looks healthy, That's good, Why would that be a problem?
You've lived here for 20 years,
You're going to lie and say it's your daughter's child,
But if a big child appears suddenly,
what will the people say about her behind your back?
So? What are you trying to say?
Even without the situation, she has dark skin,
Who would believe you?
In no time,
there will be word that it's a child out of wedlock,,,
Is this the agency?
This time, I want someone who hasn't had any education,
Be quick,
- Yes, all right, - Ma'am,
She looks like your daughter,
At least her toes do,
Do you want to die?
When did you come here?
I just arrived,
What are you looking at?
It's a thesis, You won't understand,
Do you know how good you look when you're studying?
Maybe it's because I'm not good at studying,
but I always thought smart people look so fancy,
Really? Then I should spend all night studying,
Don't, Are you done with the patients?
Yes, And I won' t be working night shifts from now on,
Let's go,
There aren't many patients here, You should go back to Cheongdam-dong,
Mom wants you to come back too,
I like it right now,
I can spend more time with you after I finish work on time,
When will you earn money?
Han Gyul's education fees will cost a lot,
Why are you worried? Your mother has a lot of money,
Gosh, that's the truth right there,
You married me for money,
It's not only money, There were many other reasons,
A hot girl from Cheongdam-dong,
You're really smart indeed,
Han Gyul must be waiting for us,
- Let's go, - All right,
- Mom! - Mom!
- Mom! - Han Gyul!
Yeon Ju!
You should call me "Mom",
Bye, Do Yoon,
Bye, Han Gyul, See you tomorrow,
Let's go,
How was kindergarten today?
I made a boyfriend, His name is Kim Do Yoon,
He's really kind,
Do you like it here?
I really like it,
It's better than the house that I lived in,,,
a long time ago,
But I like Grandpa's house better than Grandma's house,
But this is much better than Grandpa's house,
Han Gyul,
Do you remember the house you used to live a long time ago?
The house I lived with Aunt?
Do you remember living with Aunt?
If you ever leave the house again, I'll never come to see you again,
Do you get it?
Be quiet,
Aunt Su Ji,
Then who did you live with,,,
before living with Aunt?
Do you remember whom you lived with?
Let's eat, Han Gyul,
I cooked your favorite side dish,
I was so startled,
I'm glad there weren't many people around,
They almost found out I'm not her biological mother,
I told you,
You should've taught her before sending her to the kindergarten,
I told her as I walked her to the kindergarten,
To call me Mom instead of Yeon Ju,
She wouldn't get used to it overnight,
So Won keeps saying it's better to tell other people,,,
because it's obvious,
Be quiet,
Are you out of your mind?
What are you talking about?
Women talk so much,
They're seeking for,,,
things to gossip,
You can never do that, You'll get hurt,
You can never do that, No,
It's fine, Tell me,
Do you remember?
The person you lived with?
Dad,
She's my mom,
Why would you ask her about that?
Kids forget about what happened before six,
Don't say anything to her,
From now on, she is,,,
your only mom,
Han Gyul,
From now on, the mother who gave birth to you and raised you,,,
is her, She's the only one, Do you understand?
Yes, Yeon Ju is my mom,
No, Don't call her that,
You should never say that outside,
From now, she's your mother who gave birth to you and raised you,
Let's try it now, Say Mom,
Mom,
Say it loud,
Mom, Say Mom,
Mom,
Say it loud,
Mom! Why can't you say it?
Mom, Mom, Mom, Mom,
Don't say it like you're reading,
Mom, Mom, Mom, Say Mom,
Mom, Mom, Mom, Mom,
Mom, Mom, Mom,
- Mother, - Stay out of this,
Do it again,
Mom, Say it like that,
Mom, Mom, Mom, Mom,
Mom, Mom,
- Mom, - Don't cry,
Stop it, Mom, She'll be better now,
Be quiet,
You should've been ready for this to raise someone else's kid,
Stop crying, Do it again,
Mom, Mom, Mom,
Say Mom, Do it,
Mom,
It's fine,
Stop crying, and do it again,
- It's fine, Good job, - Mom,
You can stop now,
You can stop,
Is this really necessary?
It's hard for me too, but Mom's right,
I should be strict to be her only mom,
That way, you, Han Gyul, and I won't be hurt,
Han Gyul might remember her mother,
Do you think you can delete that memory forcibly?
She only raised her until she turned 3 or 4,
You can easily delete that memory,
No, We must delete that memory clean for Han Gyul to be happy,
She only gave her birth, She abandoned her,,,
and even went to prison,
It'll only hurt her if she remembers,
What about people we know?
No matter how desperate you try, you can't stop rumors from spreading,
Everyone knows that we reunited after getting a divorce,
People will find out one day,
Aren't you worried about the pain you'll receive then?
What about the pain Han Gyul will go through?
By then, Han Gyul will take me as her real mother,,,
that she'll be hurt less than now,
I want to delay it until then,
The fact I didn't give birth to Han Gyul,
I'll try harder,
You need to help me,,,
to be wise and cheer up,
Please,
Are you done crying, Han Gyul?
Han Gyul's sleeping,
How can you talk back if you're sleeping?
I'm doing it for your own good,
I'm tired, I'm going to sleep,
Okay, Sleep,
My baby,
Okay,
People,,,
don't live long,
We live,,,
in the chaotic world until we die,
Dear, Dear,
Sleep tight, my baby
Sleep tight,
Can I sleep next to you?
Do you want to get kicked out to the living room?
- Mom, - Yes,
Why? We were about to go to bed,
What's up, Eun Byul? Do you have something to say?
You can stop it now,
I can't stand watching your bad acting,
They're right, I can't do it anymore,
When are you going to stop it?
I admit what I did was wrong,
But I shouldn't be so criticized,
Are you serious?
I couldn't say it in front of kids,
but what you did is a calculated crime,
How many times do I need to tell you?
I wasn't myself at the time, I visited him due to anger,
Of course I didn't do anything and just left,
Don't lie, Tae Yang told me everything,
You failed on the second time,
Did you think I wouldn't know that you visited him long before that,,,
and pull off the respirator?
What? What are you talking about?
When did I pull off the respirator?
I only went to the hospital,,,
but ran out after getting caught by Tae Yang,
I didn't do anything,
Is that true?
I'm asking you,
Is that the only time you went to the room?
When I caught you?
Yes, I don't know anything that happened before that,
I swear that was the first time,
That means it's someone else,
Someone,,,
tried to kill Father for real,
Who would that be?
Who would try to kill Chairman Kevin?
There's one,
One person,
- We'll always be in love, - We'll always love each other,
(They're reading the same thing,)
- The line, - Hey,
Say goodnight,
- Goodnight, - We should go too,
- Wait, - We have to go,
Wait,
(Man Who Sets the Table)
Long time no see, You're wearing something so expensive,
It's strange,
Is he really on a date?
He even sprayed perfume,
The truth doesn't disappear by turning away,
I'll find Ha Eun Jo,
Are you out of your mind? That'll ruin the company,
It's not the company that will be ruined,
Chairman Kevin will be ruined,
It's probably someone who can enter Chairman Kevin's room frequently,
We have to find it out by all means,